Yeah.
Mike Friesenegger: How are you sir.
John Mertic: A little crazy busy at the moment, um,
John Mertic: Yeah, there's
John Mertic: A big announcement that is should be landing here in the next 45 minutes that
John Mertic: My last 18 hours.
Mike Friesenegger: Oh, okay. Well, so my CTO who's on my CTO just ping me about something and maybe related to that.
John Mertic: It is, yes.
Mike Friesenegger: Okay, yes, I'm somewhat aware of it.
John Mertic: Yep, yep, and it should be really great. I mean, once it lands.
John Mertic: Yeah, don't get me wrong, but it's it's been it's been a little bit of a roller coaster. But I think it's gonna be really exciting. We're just waiting for a few last pieces to drop and I really appreciate how like accommodating Susie has been with all this. Yeah.
John Mertic: AC and Sarah.
John Mertic: And fantastic. And thank you also do CTO and everything for making that happen. Yes.
Mike Friesenegger: No problem. Happy to help you ping me and said I had to do some quick research and get an answer back to them.
Mike Friesenegger: Yeah. And thanks, I was surprised you because you emailed me last night. It was must have been close to midnight your time.
John Mertic: Yeah, it's about right.
Mike Friesenegger: Yeah, so thank you for thank you for fixing that. Because that was the last piece of stuff that I needed to add to the presentation for next week.
John Mertic: Oh, good. Oh, good. Okay, cool. I'm glad that's coming together. Yeah.
Mike Friesenegger: Okay.
John Mertic: Excellent. I see. Bob in the background.
Bob Dahlberg: Yep, I'm here.
John Mertic: I think everyone's gonna be a little bit late today because of the adding zoom
John Mertic: Login you having me create a zoom account so
John Mertic: Might be running a bit behind schedule.
Mike Friesenegger: So we won't
Mike Friesenegger: So we won't get all of those zoom messages that say meetings are started meeting attendees are waiting and all that kind of stuff. At least that's the hope by doing this.
John Mertic: Um, so you probably still get those. I think so. I think the things that we're, we're trying to eliminate with this is
John Mertic: The casual drive by zoom bomber that just get some meeting ID and then just goes in science on
Mike Friesenegger: Oh, okay.
John Mertic: Um, and then does something so at least people have to do a little bit of work.
John Mertic: To do it. Um, but yeah hopefully it will be some other so
Bob Dahlberg: What they've done for us as they've a instant zoom has instituted the waiting room for us.
Bob Dahlberg: Yeah, so that that that cuts down to but zoom had the ability of just be you didn't have to have zoom installed, like you said, you just get to it from my browser. But they we've disabled, that if he co
John Mertic: UK okay yeah we were, I think we're playing with still with a little bit of settings. Um, I don't, I don't think we have it all the way figured out
John Mertic: The waiting room that's that's kind of nice. If you can't do it with a webcast, because of course
Bob Dahlberg: Well, I guess you could, but it would be nice to be able to, you know, you have to individually accept people into the
John Mertic: We yeah we thought about that. Um, that was the sort of my big concern there is are we adding a lot of too much overhead for not as much value. So I think that was that's always the trade off with these things. Right, so
Bob Dahlberg: It depends how paranoid. Yeah.
John Mertic: Well, there is that, I mean, that's sort of the thing that I try to share with everyone when they
John Mertic: Start to, you know, express though, you know, what is wrong with zoom. They have none of their stuff available. I'm like, you know, here's the truth. None of these platforms are all that great.
Bob Dahlberg: Yeah, I've always said that disabilities that that helps you decide what type of job you should go into if you're paranoid, you become a security guy.
Bob Dahlberg: If you're, if you're OCD, you can become a project manager.
Bob Dahlberg: If you're Asperger's, you become a developer right
phil.tully@adp.com: That's the new requirements for programming.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Good morning everyone. So you're from IBM
phil.tully@adp.com: Do you hear me.
Mike Friesenegger: Yeah, we can hear you. Okay. Wasn't sure I
phil.tully@adp.com: Go.
John Mertic: Here and started to step away there Lynn was calling to try to see how to create a zoom account.
John Mertic: Or traveling. We have a couple more minutes I imagined for several view, there's a little bit of work and getting a zoom account going so
John Mertic: If we sort of anticipate would be a little bit behind today.
phil.tully@adp.com: Same issue with me if I can't install the software on my laptop. I can only run it from the browser. So
John Mertic: Yeah, that is true.
John Mertic: Actually, I think that's becoming
John Mertic: Older more prevalent. I think I saw something good.
John Mertic: Google's banning employees from Sony zoom on their things they can only join to the browser.
phil.tully@adp.com: Well, I wouldn't need admin access and I can get it temporarily, but it's too much of a hassle.
phil.tully@adp.com: And I'm blaming
And blaming
John Mertic: All right.
John Mertic: I'm
John Mertic: Just looking here is corn. I think we're like one or two short a Korean here.
John Mertic: But I'm wondering maybe just in lieu of time here since the first top of the meeting is kind of just going through project updates. Anyways, if we want to just kind of get rolling within their. What are your thoughts, Phil.
That's why.
John Mertic: Okay.
John Mertic: Lead drop in the chat here real quick. The meeting agenda.
John Mertic: I dance lab.
John Mertic: Hey, you're the 804 number dialing in
18049181726: That's me.
John Mertic: Okay, cool, cool. Thank you.
John Mertic: Thank you so much for that.
John Mertic: All right, I just, I'm
John Mertic: Just talk to the link here in the chat for the meeting agenda here for today. I'm
John Mertic: Phil, I hate to necessarily put you on the spot here, but I'm trying to balance something quick here in the background. Would you mind sort of leading through the the project updates.
John Mertic: Oh, Phil, I don't know you're on mute, at the moment.
18049181726: Sorry about that.
No worries.
I was trying to open the
phil.tully@adp.com: Meeting the
John Mertic: Oh, the agenda, do me to drop it in the chat with that help
phil.tully@adp.com: I think that's easier because I'm
John Mertic: All right, I just dropped it in the chat. I apologize. A little bit down in the links.
phil.tully@adp.com: All right.
phil.tully@adp.com: So,
phil.tully@adp.com: I'm gonna I'll take this from here, but
phil.tully@adp.com: Guys healthy habits is, do we have any one on from advocacy.
Joe Bostian: Yes, this is Joe Boston i'm john and I talked a little bit
Joe Bostian: Before I asked about
Joe Bostian: Project in its direction.
phil.tully@adp.com: There weren't ready really any
Joe Bostian: Elements, so I don't really have a lot to report on that.
Joe Bostian: But we did meet and talk a little bit
Okay.
phil.tully@adp.com: Have you had any traction or movement at all. I mean,
Joe Bostian: So there are
Joe Bostian: There are
Joe Bostian: A few different places where. Excuse me. Sorry, we are using the website.
Joe Bostian: Website.
Joe Bostian: Using the project as a
Joe Bostian: Way to externalize some of the the assets that we've particularly been creating around container extensions and and Docker images. We're putting recipes out there and we're pointing to them and
Joe Bostian: In various locations to, you know, sort of help people get started with using Docker in a
Joe Bostian: You know, on IBM z in general just as some examples. And we're giving some how to advice out there. So, um, that seems to be, you know, going well in terms of serving as a resource for people to consult and
Joe Bostian: And start using as a reference.
Joe Bostian: So that side of it, we're, you know, we're pretty pleased with
Joe Bostian: There's, there's more work to do, you know, on some of the other
Joe Bostian: Some of the other
Joe Bostian: facets of this project that we're trying to move forward, but I don't really have anything to report on any of that yet.
Okay.
phil.tully@adp.com: Appreciate it. Sure.
phil.tully@adp.com: Anyone with the atom plugin.
phil.tully@adp.com: Where we were as a team where we should be looking at discussing whether or not we want to redo this in the incubation status of this particular
phil.tully@adp.com: I think we may have to take it offline if no one's on
phil.tully@adp.com: How about a long
phil.tully@adp.com: Been active Hey Phil, it's Mike freezing
Mike Friesenegger: Yeah, I'll speak up. Hello. So we had a great project meeting last Thursday, and there are three things that I want to report from from the project meeting.
Mike Friesenegger: Two of them are presentation related
Mike Friesenegger: The first was, we have
Mike Friesenegger: An exciting on potential submission to the
Mike Friesenegger: Project by
Mike Friesenegger: Around dynamic
Mike Friesenegger: Direct scuzzy assignments.
Mike Friesenegger: To Z VM guests and it's it's actually being done by a partner, which is exciting. So the intern that was working on it went through explained it in a very short period of time, but I think it hit home.
Mike Friesenegger: To show the, the ability that have
Mike Friesenegger: Have and make it
Mike Friesenegger: Make it easy for people to see how they can contribute
Mike Friesenegger: To the project.
Mike Friesenegger: Which that led on to another discussion that
Mike Friesenegger: leads into there is a
Mike Friesenegger: summer intern mentorship program project that has been accepted, and I believe in in
Mike Friesenegger: an intern has already been
Mike Friesenegger: Selected for
Mike Friesenegger: That will be
Mike Friesenegger: answerable enabling
Mike Friesenegger: The RESTful API.
Mike Friesenegger: That is presented by the phone capability. So that was the first thing. The second thing is
Mike Friesenegger: The we
Mike Friesenegger: Because this project came out of work from IBM IBM had their CI CD infrastructure internally.
Mike Friesenegger: We are still working to get the CI CD infrastructure.
Mike Friesenegger: Out into the into the community. So the Linux Foundation team.
Mike Friesenegger: presented a proposal for getting that CI CD infrastructure up and running.
Mike Friesenegger: We've looked at Jenkins. We're also
Mike Friesenegger: Looking at potentially using a GitHub actions technology for CI CD.
Mike Friesenegger: That's the second
Mike Friesenegger: And then the third arm is
Mike Friesenegger: For the developers that want to take advantage of and contribute to Fei long
phil.tully@adp.com: If they
Mike Friesenegger: If they want to do that and they want to test their code, they're going to need to be able to access Z VM environment.
Mike Friesenegger: A number of partners are interested in donating some of the resources.
Mike Friesenegger: And so we've got a
Mike Friesenegger: partner who is actually going to be donating second level VM access
Mike Friesenegger: To developers so they can develop
Mike Friesenegger: Test document. Once it's checked in, then hopefully the CI CD will do its job of continuous integration, continuous
Mike Friesenegger: Delivery and while we've got the full process in
Mike Friesenegger: Place to allow the Community to contribute.
Mike Friesenegger: And for us to validate and test the project.
Mike Friesenegger: For customer for people to use
phil.tully@adp.com: Which
phil.tully@adp.com: Partner
phil.tully@adp.com: Uncle Lenny.
Mike Friesenegger: Thank you, let him.
phil.tully@adp.com: Yes. Okay, I
phil.tully@adp.com: Can I can
18049181726: Get ok we have others that are
Mike Friesenegger: Interested, so I didn't
Mike Friesenegger: Thank you, Lynn for for speaking up we have other partners that are also interested, there is some things that need to happen in their environments before they can do that but but ultimately we're trying not to put
Mike Friesenegger: All of the burden on land and and and and and his team. So I, I appreciate all of the involvement from everybody that's willing to step up and provide the access to resources.
phil.tully@adp.com: Right, I
phil.tully@adp.com: Was wonderful having any apart is jumping in with resources and
phil.tully@adp.com: And definitely having glad as a person goes help
phil.tully@adp.com: But. Wonderful. Thank you. That's it. Thank you. Thank you very much.
18049181726: And Mike. Mike, you've done a great job bringing this to where it is today. So I just like to say that in front of everybody done a very nice job. Thanks. Lynn. Thank you.
phil.tully@adp.com: How about polish. Definitely. And if I mispronounced that I apologize.
18049181726: You get it. Phil
phil.tully@adp.com: Is Jerry. Yeah.
18049181726: All right, I'll give you a quick update on to fill this is Lana again.
18049181726: Doing
18049181726: Pretty much the same things we're doing with
18049181726: phalanx long
18049181726: We have we're working with Jerry Edgington
18049181726: Getting it up and running.
18049181726: Quite a ways down the road with that with him on our system.
18049181726: And just finalizing his
18049181726: VPN access and things like that so that he can do it from where he is working from home and
18049181726: We should be well underway. So for Gary to keep
18049181726: Advancing
18049181726: Jenkins. Okay.
phil.tully@adp.com: Okay.
phil.tully@adp.com: Appreciate that. Well,
phil.tully@adp.com: Here's just like the atom plugin the terse decompress status of you incubate status.
phil.tully@adp.com: Challenges.
phil.tully@adp.com: I know I have not reviewed it at all.
phil.tully@adp.com: Does anyone
phil.tully@adp.com: Discussing that
John Mertic: As far as far as I know, I think.
John Mertic: Both the item plugs in the touristy complex press Ingo had an action item to
John Mertic: Connect with the folks leading those projects.
phil.tully@adp.com: And I just, that's right.
John Mertic: It's falling through the cracks.
phil.tully@adp.com: Probably fell to the being homebound
John Mertic: Yeah. That doesn't help.
phil.tully@adp.com: Believe me, it's thrown everyone all
phil.tully@adp.com: Right. No.
18049181726: Okay, I'm not going to
phil.tully@adp.com: Push that button right now because again, there's too many things floating around for everybody.
phil.tully@adp.com: About Zorro
For me, New York.
John Mertic: I don't see here and on the line and I don't I don't have an update from them. I haven't been on that I wasn't on the last call.
phil.tully@adp.com: Without the ACTIVE PROJECTS anyone from
phil.tully@adp.com: Ed.
John Mertic: You guys see James caffery on the line. I don't know. James, if you
John Mertic: Have any updates.
John Mertic: You might be on mute, James.
James Caffrey: Is that better.
phil.tully@adp.com: Yeah.
James Caffrey: So we have a summer intern coming
James Caffrey: The project. He proposed is to extend at to look at things above the Linux kernel CES log and we'll get some of the things that are generated by things like and James UWS GI. So yeah, very excited about that. He's on
James Caffrey: I believe he's accepted and we're going to get started working on it.
James Caffrey: Probably as soon as he's he's off since he's out of school.
phil.tully@adp.com: I can meet a lot of things nowadays. Thank you.
phil.tully@adp.com: People out of school that are at home in school, out of school break
phil.tully@adp.com: Thank you.
phil.tully@adp.com: I'm good job mentorship to go to go to Zoe first, just because I think Ben ships may have more conversation.
phil.tully@adp.com: How
phil.tully@adp.com: Are we doing. This is Sean
Sean Grady: Sean Grady from this group. And I guess how I can cover it this week is that we were recently doing a p i, planning, where all the groups came together and we're talking about what they want to do for the next few months.
Sean Grady: We're not quite finished, we had to reschedule. Some of it, but the highlights that I'm seeing from the groups that did report so far are that
Sean Grady: It seems like a common theme across the squad's is to try to completion, our single sign on efforts that are based on a loss and Jay WT
Sean Grady: Every single component of so he will be a participant in that
Sean Grady: And that's, that's probably, you know, within a month or two.
Sean Grady: Other things that we're looking into are
Sean Grady: enhancing our security model by allowing for our HTTPS and pls credentials to be stored in soft key rings as opposed to today, in which some things are stored in encrypted Unix files. So giving more choice to the users that way.
Sean Grady: I'm also seeing that
Sean Grady: Zoe seelye side, there has been some work to try and define
Sean Grady: The different segments of the code base a little bit better and and try to organize around ways in which we can engage the end users. So
Sean Grady: One. One thing that comes to mind is that there is the Zoe explorer for Visual Studio code and they are looking to reorganize in terms of how they conduct, you know, their, their meetings and such to better distinguished from the COI goals and
Sean Grady: On the framework side of things. They are looking to branch out so that their framework. Not only has the existing Node JS flavor but will also have a Python flavor and
Sean Grady: People are getting interested in exploring what that actually means and what are the differences and how they can work together.
Sean Grady: The last group is the web UI group. And there again. So, so is a theme. But there are other themes such as doing a redesign of the desktop to give people more customization options, you know, maximize screen real estate or or make it make the elements bigger for accessibility.
Sean Grady: But
Sean Grady: We're also looking a little bit farther ahead on to new themes which is
Sean Grady: Can we leverage containers or Docker so that there are more than one way to get so we set up, depending on your preference. Right now we're
Sean Grady: All on the iOS for our servers. Some of the clients can run Windows, but all the servers are on the iOS. So we're starting to think about, well, can we package our servers in ways that allow you to run them on the Linux or some other place.
Sean Grady: As an option.
Sean Grady: The other thing that we're very early on looking into is how can we enhance him better document our high availability story.
Sean Grady: So if people have any experience in high availability specifically on the CLS side, we would be interested to learn and hear any suggestions that you might have. Because it's still kind of early on for us in that topic.
Sean Grady: I think that covers everything. Yeah.
Okay, that's great. Um,
phil.tully@adp.com: When do you
phil.tully@adp.com: When do you expect to have your kind of your goals put out
Sean Grady: So, some of them are already listed on the GitHub that I'll link in chat right here.
phil.tully@adp.com: We are planning to meet
Sean Grady: again next week to finish the meeting that got rescheduled so there will be more on that page at that time.
Sean Grady: Great, thank you.
Yep.
Sean Grady: Now, I think we can move back to
phil.tully@adp.com: Mentorship so much. Anyone have questions about Zoe.
phil.tully@adp.com: Okay.
Bob Dahlberg: This is about Ahlberg we've
Bob Dahlberg: sent letters out to mentees
phil.tully@adp.com: And
We had
Bob Dahlberg: What we had
Bob Dahlberg: Eight slots, but we've got 11
Bob Dahlberg: mentees that we want. I think we submitted.
Bob Dahlberg: 10 offers already
18049181726: And I think
Bob Dahlberg: We're about to send out the 11th, which leaves. So a shortfall. We can discuss the head
Bob Dahlberg: Of the projects we have five Zoe projects for from rocket
Bob Dahlberg: In one from Viacom infinity.
Bob Dahlberg: Who's going to be mandatory. We got Z inspect
Bob Dahlberg: We've got an
Ad
phil.tully@adp.com: Enable
Bob Dahlberg: IBM z in
Bob Dahlberg: Ml model scope.
Bob Dahlberg: We got
Bob Dahlberg: Enhance Z VM Proteus.
phil.tully@adp.com: exporter.
Bob Dahlberg: We got a fail on answerable module.
Bob Dahlberg: And we've got a cube CF
Bob Dahlberg: So those are the 11 projects that were chosen
Bob Dahlberg: We've got a diversity. Again, we've got a lot of mentees from India. We've got a few from the US. And we've got one from Nigeria.
Bob Dahlberg: So, given the fact that we had eight in the budget.
Bob Dahlberg: We had
Bob Dahlberg: 64,000 budgeted for the
Bob Dahlberg: Mentors
Bob Dahlberg: But with eight with travel
Bob Dahlberg: That leaves us, that would be 88,000 that leaves us a 24,000 shortfall.
Bob Dahlberg: And that includes the $6,000 stipend, plus the $2,000 travel to
Bob Dahlberg: Double so
Bob Dahlberg: One, we could see if we can
Bob Dahlberg: Squeeze out of the budget, the extra 24,000 somewhere.
Bob Dahlberg: Or what we could do.
Bob Dahlberg: Is we could remove the travel
Bob Dahlberg: And have the students do
Bob Dahlberg: You know, kind of a real time presentation, along with a kind of a video of their presentation so we could use it throughout the year as a marketing tool.
Bob Dahlberg: That would
Bob Dahlberg: Leave us only with a $6,000 shortfall. So I think a lot determines in terms of what we we go will depend upon where we if the money can be squeezed out of the budget, but also which way with
Bob Dahlberg: Maybe there might be a preference to
phil.tully@adp.com: What you're given.
Peter Fandel: Pretty much, there will be a lot of traveling going on. I was
phil.tully@adp.com: I was about to say the same exact thing.
phil.tully@adp.com: Well, that that could be true.
Bob Dahlberg: But they made you know
Bob Dahlberg: You know, the government has said that by false, you know, university should be open again and the
Bob Dahlberg: Dublin conferences in October.
phil.tully@adp.com: Dublin conferences still scheduled for October. Correct.
phil.tully@adp.com: The challenge is
phil.tully@adp.com: I know some conferences through June have been just been canceled. I don't know. I think there's enough question marks up in the air that I'd rather hold say let's not push ourselves expect travel
phil.tully@adp.com: Yep, and it would in a, in a way, it would give us the advantage to see if this is, this works without traveling to doing presentations and see what the value point is there. It might even be more valuable to have something that we can carry forward as a information.
Bob Dahlberg: Yeah, you're thinking the same way I am, because you know
Bob Dahlberg: The travel is a nice perk for the students. But realistically, they're traveling all that way for probably what a 1015 minute presentation at the conference.
Bob Dahlberg: I think we could do that remotely. But then if we have them do
Bob Dahlberg: A video presentation also
Bob Dahlberg: We could use that and post that up on our website. So that gives them longer exposure and more exposure. So I think
Bob Dahlberg: You're right, we have to look at the cost benefit sending most of these
Bob Dahlberg: Students halfway around the world.
phil.tully@adp.com: I know I agree. And quite frankly,
phil.tully@adp.com: Use the current situation to our benefit to find out if this is a better way of going
phil.tully@adp.com: Yeah, no.
phil.tully@adp.com: No.
Bob Dahlberg: Am I feeling is, I would much rather give
Bob Dahlberg: more opportunity to more students, then you know offer a few student, you know, the eight
Bob Dahlberg: A travel perk.
phil.tully@adp.com: I, I agree.
phil.tully@adp.com: With the comment from the rest of the
phil.tully@adp.com: Day.
phil.tully@adp.com: Or whatever, where
phil.tully@adp.com: Do we, do we want to take a vote.
Bob Dahlberg: On this
Bob Dahlberg: A verbal vote.
phil.tully@adp.com: Do we have a quorum. JOHN I you actually do you have
John Mertic: Every single voting tax number here.
John Mertic: Right, this shit down
phil.tully@adp.com: Yeah, okay.
John Mertic: So yeah, I mean, that's sort of the recommendation.
Bob Dahlberg: Let me, let me put out the you know the emotion. Emotion that we
Bob Dahlberg: Not do the travel
Bob Dahlberg: This year, and instead do a live maybe presentation through video chat and can presentations for for use
Bob Dahlberg: In marketing and use the money instead to finance more students in the program.
John Mertic: Maybe when a second
phil.tully@adp.com: I second that.
John Mertic: Okay Phil, and I see Peter literally did it in chat at the same time. So we'll give you
John Mertic: I'll give you a split hair, they're
John Mertic: Voting
John Mertic: For the voting members. I'm all in favor. Aye.
James Caffrey: Aye. Aye.
Peter Fandel: Aye. Aye. Any opposed by hand.
John Mertic: Yeah.
John Mertic: We are any poser abstain from that.
John Mertic: Okay. Motion carried. So I will update the feel I can work out there if you want to chime in on the governing board discussion with where the attack is with this.
Peter Fandel: We can get this moving
Peter Fandel: Yeah.
John Mertic: Okay, okay. I know.
phil.tully@adp.com: I'll bring it up to
phil.tully@adp.com: Run it by Steve.
phil.tully@adp.com: If I can get a hold of them use also, of course, you're at home.
phil.tully@adp.com: And yeah, it makes me it makes a lot more sense. Yeah.
Bob Dahlberg: So that means that we would only have to ask for $6,000 more as opposed to 24,000. So we've got to ask for
Bob Dahlberg: An additional $6,000 in funding.
Bob Dahlberg: Right.
Okay.
phil.tully@adp.com: Okay.
phil.tully@adp.com: Thank you, that was it was good.
phil.tully@adp.com: Club.
phil.tully@adp.com: And I know it's out there and I it's me trying to find anything lately.
phil.tully@adp.com: The list of projects that are
phil.tully@adp.com: Flowing it's out on the GitHub. Correct.
John Mertic: Yeah yeah
John Mertic: Yeah, I think there's a couple. So there's a two here that we're going to present today.
John Mertic: That had proposals ready and I put links.
John Mertic: At least into GitHub and they think they're all posted there. One of them is a pull request. One is from as a PDF
John Mertic: And I know the first one in there is just some zoom meeting guidelines that I put that out there as a pull request. I don't know folks had a chance to review those are not
John Mertic: A little bit of the background here is that we're starting to see more increasing bombing. Happy New meetings. So putting some guidelines together.
John Mertic: For just managing them in a secure way we thought was helpful, but then also the other half of just good guidance on running meetings.
John Mertic: I'm not gonna lie. So a lot of this stuff from CNC F because they do a really good job at these things and they've really led the way here, but I don't know if anybody's had a chance to look at it. Any questions, concerns.
Peter Fandel: I
phil.tully@adp.com: Have not okay.
John Mertic: Maybe if it's already members that he's going to take a look at that and then maybe we can do a vote to, you know, except in that pull request, we can do that in the background of that. Does that make sense.
phil.tully@adp.com: Yeah, it probably does.
phil.tully@adp.com: I know I just didn't have. I just didn't get attraction. I saw all the email looks like.
John Mertic: You and me both. Yeah. No, it's, it's totally understandable, um,
phil.tully@adp.com: Okay.
John Mertic: Do we want to kick into the cobalt course project proposal.
phil.tully@adp.com: Yeah. All right.
John Mertic: I'm going to do attempt
John Mertic: I think
John Mertic: I have made you presenter. I don't know if that's
John Mertic: That worked.
John Mertic: Yeah, if you have anything to share or not.
Peter Fandel: Yes, thank you john
Sudharsana Srinivasan: I was just going to bring up the document that we that I had already
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Shared with
Sudharsana Srinivasan: You the proposal.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Okay. Not sure. That's good.
Okay.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Sharing is not working. I'm going to have to quit zoom to give
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Catalina permission to
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Let me share my screen. Sorry about that.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Okay, so for the cobalt course, we've been working on this, since the beginning of March and creating a new cobalt
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Content that
phil.tully@adp.com: Would
Sudharsana Srinivasan: That is also at the heart.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Focusing on bringing in
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Some of the
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Modern tools that
Sudharsana Srinivasan: You know, would be more engaging and bring a
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Modern interface to how we interact with
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Golf Ball. So at the core. This is a cobalt
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Force for beginners.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: With use of VS Code.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Has no II.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: And z open editor as the tooling.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: THANK YOU, JOHN for sharing that.
Course
Sudharsana Srinivasan: So we've been working on this and smart, as I've said in this document here and we are ready with the content at least the first draft of it to be able to share
phil.tully@adp.com: In the project here.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: And have it as an open source document available. So this project was something we worked on in collaboration
Sudharsana Srinivasan: I'd like to point out with the State of California and
Sudharsana Srinivasan: American River College. So what
Sudharsana Srinivasan: What that does is makes this
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Public domain.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: available to anyone.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: at no cost. So
Sudharsana Srinivasan: That's what I would
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Like to add
As well.
Peter Fandel: You
Gregory MacKinnon: Can ask the question, does this is
Gregory MacKinnon: Greg McKinnon
Gregory MacKinnon: Can you hear me.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Yeah yeah
phil.tully@adp.com: Okay. Okay, thanks. I, uh,
Gregory MacKinnon: I was just wondering, I mean it sounds really cool. In terms of, you know, providing a
Gregory MacKinnon: Modern experience for Co bomb. I think that's, that's something that sounds great. And I just wondering though, you mentioned zero NZ open editor i mean i was i guess i
Gregory MacKinnon: Are all are all the things you're looking to bring to bear on this, you know, purely open source. I mean like you know the the VS Code explorer stuff and from Zoe, and unlike, say Schaefer z which is an eclipse open source thing that provides cobalt experiences as well. I mean, those things.
Gregory MacKinnon: Are purely open source. I'm wondering is,
Gregory MacKinnon: Is the open editor, like a purely open source thing.
Gregory MacKinnon: Because we should be vendor neutral in that regard. Here, said my
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Good question. I am
Sudharsana Srinivasan: I'm not sure I have the answer to. If the open editors truly an open source thing.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Anybody else on this.
John Mertic: I guess maybe
Joe Devlin: It is, isn't
John Mertic: Okay, I got to look I don't know off the top of my head.
Joe Devlin: What's on Grady, please.
Joe Devlin: Pipe up
Joe Devlin: Mr.
Peter Fandel: I'm not
Sean Grady: Part of Philly itself. It's hot it you're open source that was
Joe Devlin: Greg's question, I believe.
Sean Grady: Yeah I don't actually know the answer.
Gregory MacKinnon: I'm not trying to be
Gregory MacKinnon: You know, probably, you know,
Gregory MacKinnon: Difficult. I was just curious though because it's
Joe Devlin: With us
Gregory MacKinnon: I would guess. We want to be vendor neutral if you know if anything
Sean Grady: I think so. I think theater Homer would know the answer. Yeah.
phil.tully@adp.com: Yeah, but I think this is this is the class in in in baseline coble with and the class itself and teaching coble's
phil.tully@adp.com: Is going to be
phil.tully@adp.com: Open
Sean Grady: And
Sean Grady: Available frequent
Sean Grady: Yeah, I actually see it.
Sean Grady: I see it on GitHub.
Sean Grady: At least part of it. I'm going to see if there's more to it.
Gregory MacKinnon: Yeah, yeah. I appreciate that. Sean, I mean I, it may will be purely open source but I might see some reason I have this nagging
Gregory MacKinnon: Belief. I don't know.
Gregory MacKinnon: Maybe I'm wrong, but it is not entirely open source. I'm just just curious.
phil.tully@adp.com: Okay, yeah, I'll
Sean Grady: Let you know what I find out. Okay. Thanks, Sean by
Joe Devlin: Chris dragon. I think the specific question would be,
Joe Devlin: Not that the front end or the first layer of connection is open.
Joe Devlin: But somewhere as as the MSP and DAP implementations go they connect to a proprietary thing somewhere in the back end.
Joe Devlin: That would be my
Joe Devlin: Guess if there were a weakness.
Gregory MacKinnon: So yeah, dude. Is it actually run the cool ballers or just an editor.
Bob Dahlberg: For source code.
Joe Devlin: Editor that needs a
Joe Devlin: Backing environment behind that that provides the language.
Joe Devlin: Implementation on the debugger implementation.
Bob Dahlberg: Okay, okay. It's an ID kind of thing that yeah
Joe Devlin: Through open protocols.
John Mertic: Yeah, so, so just just just to understand is, is the z open editor, like a hard dependency of this coursework, or is it just one of the optional things that one could use the course work with. I guess I'm
John Mertic: Not entirely sure where that stands
Martin Keen: Yes, so this is Martin.
Martin Keen: And Martin keno working with the data on this.
Martin Keen: Project. So we are using
Martin Keen: VS Code zero and editor and Zoe.
Martin Keen: To illustrate how to
Martin Keen: Program.
Martin Keen: In Cobo what is not
Martin Keen: A requirement. And in fact, at the end of the book we provide
Martin Keen: Some other alternatives for working with Kobo instead. So IBM developer for z is another example that again and then just plain old I SPF as well. So we illustrate all of our
Martin Keen: Examples using the Zinio meditator ID, but it is not a requirement for anybody.
Martin Keen: Following along
phil.tully@adp.com: In the lab exercises.
Martin Keen: To use it as well.
Gregory MacKinnon: Interesting. Yeah, I guess, I guess, besides Asking about G open editor be. I was just, it seems like it'd be a good opportunity to
Gregory MacKinnon: To, you know, if you want to put a monetization, YOU KNOW, EXPERIENCE. On top of this, you know, the BS to exploit VS code and stuff. The explorers seem natural sounds like that may already be
phil.tully@adp.com: In play
Gregory MacKinnon: But there's also, as I mentioned, the Shea frizzy stuff, which is an open source.
Gregory MacKinnon: Way to interact with co ball is as well. So I just wanted to put those on the table and as things to consider. And also, I would be curious if
Gregory MacKinnon: You know,
Gregory MacKinnon: Whenever you find out Sean around GOP I'd appreciate
Gregory MacKinnon: Understanding that a little better. Thank you.
Sean Grady: Yeah, as far as I'm seeing on their website, it appears to be a Visual Studio Code extension based on them. So we see a lie. But I don't know like
Sean Grady: Besides their pre wrecking of Zoe. If the stuff on top is open source and trying to find
Sean Grady: Any mention of that.
Gregory MacKinnon: Okay, thank you, Sean. Appreciate it.
Gregory MacKinnon: Thanks john
John Mertic: Yeah, I put it, I put a link in the chat is that I think that's the eclipse che plugin that you were referencing
Gregory MacKinnon: A
John Mertic: Che for z.
Gregory MacKinnon: Yeah, I think so. Yeah, looks right.
Yeah.
Gregory MacKinnon: You have to look at it and see that looks fine.
John Mertic: So I guess just trying to understand from, from your perspective, are you seeing that is would you consider that as sort of a something that could be resolved in incubation, or would you want that corrected before the project would enter incubation.
Gregory MacKinnon: Are you dressing that to me.
John Mertic: Yeah, you brought it up so
Gregory MacKinnon: I say yeah well well III don't know I it's a fair question. I'd have to think about it. I'm not, I'm not sure. I guess I just wanted to, you know,
Gregory MacKinnon: suggest some things that are really just, you know, open source and was sort of, you know, that seems like a good thing and just, you know, but as
Gregory MacKinnon: I just think it's silly things that are open source can be brought into play here. I think that would be
Gregory MacKinnon: You know, good thing and so I'm not sure.
Gregory MacKinnon: What point. Things like that are resolved, but
Gregory MacKinnon: You know, I just
Gregory MacKinnon: You know, wanted to
Gregory MacKinnon: Put it out there.
Bob Dahlberg: I've been teaching Python and other court in Java classes at the university level and I'm finding that you know I'm looking at the
Bob Dahlberg: Z open editor and it runs on a Mac and Windows and I'm finding that students are running are buying these Chromebooks now.
Bob Dahlberg: That they have trouble installing with Mac or Windows thing. So, you almost need a web version.
Gregory MacKinnon: Mm hmm.
Bob Dahlberg: So that that might be something to consider. Because a lot more students are more
Bob Dahlberg: I'm at a university that has a lot of people that have never had any one in their family go to school and
Bob Dahlberg: You know, they're low income so
Bob Dahlberg: You know the Chromebooks become
Bob Dahlberg: A
phil.tully@adp.com: More viable tool.
Bob Dahlberg: And a lot of the students
Bob Dahlberg: Before they come don't realize that, you know,
Bob Dahlberg: Gee, I got a Chromebook. I can't install this stuff.
Bob Dahlberg: On the computer.
Gregory MacKinnon: Right. Well, that's where shape receipt could be useful, because that is a web
Gregory MacKinnon: You know, web ID experience, you know,
Bob Dahlberg: So yeah, okay.
phil.tully@adp.com: Yeah, so, so I think I think from a project point of view, I wouldn't want to put that as a direct
phil.tully@adp.com: It as they said it's already saying it's not it's not a mandatory item. I think what we want to make sure resenting is that there is availability to use an open source.
phil.tully@adp.com: Tool as the front end. Let's and let's as part of the incubation process. Let's look to see what the actual tooling licensing is on the, the one that they're presenting
Mike Friesenegger: I think this. This is my presented. Right. I think it would be good at least to mention the tooling.
Mike Friesenegger: And and that that
Mike Friesenegger: The, the, so the
Mike Friesenegger: Reader of this
Mike Friesenegger: Document could could could look at the tooling if they're not familiar with it and they could do a little bit of research themselves.
Mike Friesenegger: Because there are there are
Mike Friesenegger: Options available and like there was a
Mike Friesenegger: In Linux. There's a tool called open cobalt. I think it's
Mike Friesenegger: been changed to the new Kobo
Mike Friesenegger: So that's the back end compiler semantics and all that kind of stuff.
Mike Friesenegger: That's another option.
Mike Friesenegger: Yeah.
Bob Dahlberg: I think that's a great idea, let it, let the professor instructor make a decision of
Bob Dahlberg: How they're going to teach it.
Bob Dahlberg: Because they know the audience better than we do. But I think is really good to give them options.
John Mertic: If just, I guess.
John Mertic: From the just understand from the project perspective.
John Mertic: Is is the materials in such a way that it's
John Mertic: Easy to sort of de
John Mertic: De couple that
18049181726: Yeah, the
Martin Keen: Material is all decoupled from that. So we have some screenshots.
Martin Keen: Which show couple source code in the net and get to pick something so so we pick that but we provide all of the source code as part of this book and you can import it and edit it in
Martin Keen: The editor of your choosing. So
Martin Keen: Yeah.
phil.tully@adp.com: You could definitely assist with something else.
phil.tully@adp.com: Because
phil.tully@adp.com: It gives you the opportunity to be fully open source then. So which which makes sense.
It does.
phil.tully@adp.com: Okay.
phil.tully@adp.com: Now what john I'd be honest. What's the next step in terms of
phil.tully@adp.com: Moving with this project. It sounds great.
phil.tully@adp.com: Just as a sideline. It was with all the things going on.
phil.tully@adp.com: I live in New Jersey and the governor of New Jersey on a daily basis talks about the current status and last week, he announced that the state of New Jersey was looking for multiple Kobo programmers.
phil.tully@adp.com: To help them code there. Some of the software that to manage what's happening in the state. I was, I almost fell off my chair.
phil.tully@adp.com: Unfortunately, he's asking for
Mark Post: Volunteers, not people won't want
phil.tully@adp.com: I know I
phil.tully@adp.com: I was not directly listening. I just heard your cocoa coming out of the governor's mouth. I was like,
phil.tully@adp.com: No Keke
Mark Post: Keke Keke Keke Wyatt a
Mark Post: Topic on Twitter.
John Mertic: Oh, I
John Mertic: I don't watch Twitter.
phil.tully@adp.com: I don't even listen to that somebody else had it on in the house. And I was like, What the hell's going on there.
Bob Dahlberg: So as we mature this. Do we want to provide say of a certification or something. We give a
Bob Dahlberg: You know, we can identify a certain level of expertise.
18049181726: Interview.
Bob Dahlberg: We entertain later.
It's not a
Bob Dahlberg: Bad. Yeah, there we go.
John Mertic: Yeah i mean i think i think there's been some discussions on the early on part of
John Mertic: If we, you know, incorporate this into some of the online trading platforms. I think there's an immediate plan for Coursera and I think there's some discussions of
John Mertic: Leveraging the Linux Foundation's training arm and pushing this through edX that that could be an opportunity that emerges itself.
John Mertic: You know, fairly, you know,
Bob Dahlberg: I've been working with the Virginia cyber security range which is we provide content for education, for security.
Bob Dahlberg: And you know, we want to get. We wanted to offer certifications. But what we did is we decided we're going to go to NIST because they've got the
Bob Dahlberg: List the nice program where they've listed the opportunity, job opportunities and we're going to try to get them to start sponsoring certification criteria so that it's more national than just state oriented, so
Bob Dahlberg: If this is open source. We may want to concern can consider something like that because
Bob Dahlberg: If we offer a badge.
Bob Dahlberg: We're tied to IBM again.
John Mertic: Yeah, well, that we can issue better, but I guess I want to kind of get to Phils thing because I know we're kind of running short on time.
John Mertic: But I think this is a great area for you to engage you know for anybody who's interested in grades directly in this project.
John Mertic: I think Phil to your question. We have a quorum.
John Mertic: If the tack is in a position that it would be willing to approve this as an incubator project.
John Mertic: That's emotion. We could entertain at this point.
phil.tully@adp.com: I see no reason why not. If there. I mean, we have questions, but every project we have, we would start with has questions so
John Mertic: If anyone wants to do that.
18049181726: I'll second that.
Bob Dahlberg: It was a maintenance was the most move this project into incubation status. All right. I'll second it.
John Mertic: I'm all in favor eyes.
I
John Mertic: Assume there might be some people know, is there any opposers stain.
John Mertic: Alright, so we
John Mertic: Have it in
phil.tully@adp.com: Okay, wonderful.
phil.tully@adp.com: Thank you.
John Mertic: Thank you. Thank you. Um, and I guess now the next project is from Elizabeth Joseph
John Mertic: Elizabeth I, can I think I tried to give you presenter. I don't know if
Elizabeth Joseph: I can, I can tell you right now.
Elizabeth Joseph: I'm not going to be able to share my screen.
Elizabeth Joseph: It's just, it's really just the application, though, if you could bring it up that would
18049181726: Be Awesome.
John Mertic: Okay, let me. I'm going to try to do that real quick here in the background, you can go ahead and start talking, if you want. Well, I tried to finagle this
Elizabeth Joseph: Right. So this is a proposal for just a code search for finding software on z.
Elizabeth Joseph: Because we're
Elizabeth Joseph: We currently have one that IBM maintains it's open source, and it searches. All of the Linux operating system.
Elizabeth Joseph: Packages to see what's available.
Elizabeth Joseph: But we want to expand that.
Elizabeth Joseph: And we thought that it might be a good place inside the open mainframe project to do that expansion.
Elizabeth Joseph: So we want to start you know go beyond Linux distributions and also start searching possibly source code on GitHub or
Elizabeth Joseph: You know, just the ideas are
Elizabeth Joseph: kind of up in the air right now, but we want to
phil.tully@adp.com: Find a consolidated place for people to find first
Elizabeth Joseph: software that's been ported to Linux on z. And then probably expand that to the iOS side as well so people can find software across the ecosystem.
Elizabeth Joseph: Right. So this is the proposal want to bring up the file itself.
John Mertic: Oh, heavens, I'm so sorry doing two things in the background there.
Elizabeth Joseph: Yeah, there we go.
phil.tully@adp.com: So the name
Elizabeth Joseph: needs to be fixed IBM Z software searches. Not a good name and you suggested
Elizabeth Joseph: Like open source discovery tool, but I noticed that open mainframe projects have names that are not necessarily describing what the project.
Elizabeth Joseph: Is so
Elizabeth Joseph: I totally
Elizabeth Joseph: Need help with the name
But
Elizabeth Joseph: Aside from that,
Elizabeth Joseph: This is what's in the proposal.
Elizabeth Joseph: If you want me to go over any more of it or if you have questions or
Mike Friesenegger: So, uh,
Mike Friesenegger: Hi, Liz. This is my present your pen.
Mike Friesenegger: And I'm with Sue, so I'm gonna, I'm going to throw that out but so when I saw this, I
phil.tully@adp.com: looked at it and
Mike Friesenegger: It seemed
Mike Friesenegger: I looked at the code, very quickly, but it seems like somebody has to do dumps, you have to go out and do manual work to build the files that are that are read
Mike Friesenegger: Minds, um,
Mike Friesenegger: I, I, I, I'm not, I think, you know,
Mike Friesenegger: For an initial attempt that that's good but
Mike Friesenegger: There should be efforts done with
phil.tully@adp.com: With
Mike Friesenegger: In each of the Linux distro pros and you know the open source options, you know,
Mike Friesenegger: The open source distro options as well as the enterprise distro
Mike Friesenegger: Vendors just to see if they have
Mike Friesenegger: API's in place.
Mike Friesenegger: Or automation in place that could
phil.tully@adp.com: Minimize the the
Mike Friesenegger: The manual effort have
Mike Friesenegger: Gotten
Mike Friesenegger: These details together.
Elizabeth Joseph: That's absolutely and and then a couple of things. So first we aren't married to keeping this code, we weren't going to just directly import this we were either we were probably if we were going to use the code at all. I mean, it's just some Python JavaScript. It's not
Elizabeth Joseph: Difficult code at all. So we were going to either use it.
Elizabeth Joseph: Or if we find a developer in the community who wants to work on it and they're like, I'm not using this code. It's terrible. We can be like, Okay, great. You should rewrite it. That's fine. And then we were going to
Elizabeth Joseph: split off the data source from
phil.tully@adp.com: The
Elizabeth Joseph: Open Source project probably into
Elizabeth Joseph: Two separate projects, just because the data probably shouldn't live with the source code.
Elizabeth Joseph: And then
Elizabeth Joseph: What's the point you bring up is exactly why I want to bring it to the open mainframe project because I want to have these discussions and I want the feedback from distributions, because that is an excellent idea.
Elizabeth Joseph: And I hadn't really thought much about it. So that's why we want to bring this out into a big good broader
Mike Friesenegger: Project. Well, thank you. I'm glad you thinking ahead and separating the the application and the data sources, I think, is a perfect and maybe
Mike Friesenegger: Maybe the Linux distro is, you know, the Enterprise Linux sisters, as well as the other districts that can run maybe
Mike Friesenegger: They've got people that would be willing to
Mike Friesenegger: Contribute to the data source piece of it. Yeah.
Elizabeth Joseph: Because right now, it only searches, like the three officially supported. So it doesn't have Debbie and it doesn't have
Elizabeth Joseph: Slack room slack where anything and I sort of envision also like incorporating things like you know this is like officially supported by IBM or this is like a community.
Elizabeth Joseph: Supported distribution or package. So I kind of like want to expand it. I don't actually have the live version. I don't have the link to the live version right now.
Elizabeth Joseph: And you might have it.
Elizabeth Joseph: But it's like a super simple search. If you look at the UI right now.
Elizabeth Joseph: And it doesn't really give you any details like you just search for something and it pops up and
Elizabeth Joseph: It doesn't have so much
Mike Friesenegger: Thank you.
phil.tully@adp.com: Any other questions or comments.
phil.tully@adp.com: Down. I mean, I'm always looking for software on it. So yeah.
I keep hearing that so
phil.tully@adp.com: So I'm not gonna
phil.tully@adp.com: Do we want to move this of next step which is bringing the incubation statuses see
phil.tully@adp.com: You know, again, to move on to some of the can make those adjustments that we need to that would need to be made.
Elizabeth Joseph: That's what I'm hoping for.
phil.tully@adp.com: I'm going to propose that we moved in incubation status.
phil.tully@adp.com: Me.
phil.tully@adp.com: Do a motion to move the source code search tool, whatever we want to call it. I think that's first step and incubation status settle on a name.
phil.tully@adp.com: And to put it into innovation status. Do we have a second
Enyu Wang: Yeah, I love it.
Enyu Wang: Okay.
phil.tully@adp.com: Can we take a roll call vote john yeah I'm
John Mertic: voting members. All in favor. Aye.
Bob Dahlberg: Aye.
John Mertic: Any opposed, or abstain.
John Mertic: Gang you've completed your third vote in the meeting.
Congratulations.
Bob Dahlberg: THANK YOU, JOHN We all seem to be amenable, maybe you should ask for
Bob Dahlberg: A raise
phil.tully@adp.com: Money for the board. Yeah.
John Mertic: Thank you Elizabeth, thank you for all of that.
John Mertic: Um, I guess, is one sort of trailing thing and I figured I just give everyone a heads up, because this is probably coming down the pipe within
John Mertic: The next hour. There's a plane announcement. We're working with IBM and two quick initiatives here and I think it relates really nicely to the cobalt topic from earlier one is
John Mertic: A forum for connecting cobalt talent.
John Mertic: To some of these organizations that are needed of it right now it's on our discourse forum and you can take a look. We've already had.
John Mertic: A TON OF ACTIVITY audit and it's really just got started this morning. So definitely go check that out. And the other thing that we were getting going. Here is a cobalt technical questions forum and I putting the links to these in the chat.
John Mertic: You will likely see an announcement here coming very quickly from the open mainframe project with support from Member our members and especially
John Mertic: Folks like IBM and Broadcom and others.
John Mertic: As you see that, feel free to share with your networks. And I think a big ass to everyone is that there's ways you can contribute to this forums that anyway.
John Mertic: That would be really most appreciative. I think we're all in the brawn a critical time now in the industry and just in our society in general and the way you make it through.
John Mertic: These things is by pulling together.
John Mertic: And I've always done the mainframe community to be exceptional at that. So we're hoping this is a great opportunity as well.
John Mertic: There any questions, concerns about that. Happy to.
John Mertic: Have been talked to them. He still got a couple of minutes till the end of the hour.
phil.tully@adp.com: Maybe just a couple of
18049181726: Words, Phil, I just wanted to wish everybody a
18049181726: Happy Passover and a Happy Easter and everybody please stay healthy and safe.
18049181726: We're going to get through this craziness. One way or another, and everybody stay in touch. Let us know anybody who might need any kind of helper just
18049181726: Sometimes, you know, I've noticed on some recent conference calls that executives who are usually very short and to the point are actually staying and the calls, because I think they have come to realize how
phil.tully@adp.com: Important it is to
18049181726: Maybe talk and slow down a little bit.
18049181726: So,
18049181726: But everybody please take care of yourselves and
18049181726: It's always great working with all of you and keep up the good fight.
Mike Friesenegger: Thank you, man. Thank you.
phil.tully@adp.com: were excellent.
Sudharsana Srinivasan: Everyone
phil.tully@adp.com: Take care. Thanks.
phil.tully@adp.com: Great meeting. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
phil.tully@adp.com: Bye everybody. I'm going to try to come up later job if I can get a breathing Fair. Fair enough. I'll be here.
18049181726: Okay.
John Mertic: Take care, bye.
phil.tully@adp.com: Bye everybody.